This script readies the chroot-dev target disk to be snapshotted and registered as an AMI.

~~~
./PostBuild.sh --help
Usage: ./PostBuild.sh [GNU long option] [option] ...
  Options:
        -f  Filesystem-type of chroo-devs (e.g., "xfs")
        -h  Print this message
        -i  User name assigned to instance default-user (default: "maintuser")
        -m  Where chroot-dev is mounted (default: "/mnt/ec2-root")
        -z  Initial timezone of build-target (default: "UTC")
  GNU long options:
        --fstype            See "-f" short-option
        --help              See "-h" short-option
        --mountpoint        See "-m" short-option
        --no-tmpfs          Disable /tmp as tmpfs behavior
        --initial-user      See "-p" short-option
        --timezone          See "-z" short-option
        --use-submgr        Do not disable subscription-manager service
~~~

Each of the functionality flag-options may also be specified by using environment variables:

- `CHROOTMNT`: Stands in for the `-m`/`--mountpoint` flag-option. This env (or corresponding flags) is only necessary if the corresponding flag was used when invoking prior scripts.
- `FSTYPE`: Stands in for the `-f`/`--fstype` flag-option. This env (or corresponding flags) is only necessary if the corresponding flag was used when invoking prior scripts.
- `MAINTUSR`: Stands in for the `-i`/`--initial-user` flag-option. This env (or corresponding flags) is only necessary if desiring to override the username assigned to the AMI's default-user account.
- `SUBSCRIPTION_MANAGER`: If set to `enabled`, stands in for the `--use-submgr` option-toggle
- `TARGTZ`: Stands in for the `-z`/`--timezone` flag-option. This env (or corresponding flags) is only necessary if desiring to override AMI's default timezone-setting


Further, additional output/logging can be generated by setting the `DEBUG` environment variable to "`true`". Doing so causes information that is normally only directed to syslog to also be printed to `STDOUT`.

## Notes:

<sup>1</sup>If invoking scripts interactively, the `DEBUG` value is automatically set to true.

